process by definition is variance
reducing like you're introducing it
because you worry that the variance in
your org is too high like you want
people to sort of meet a certain
standard
and the cost of that is obviously while
you're reducing the standard and
bringing Folks up to the average you're
also bringing other folks down to the
average and oftentimes the folks are
bringing down are your highest
performers your most creative thinkers
the folks who like you know I think
actually don't really need process to do
their best work
and so
that I think is always the tension that
you have with process and obviously like
one of the reasons why companies
introduce process much more and more as
companies get bigger is because it's
just it's harder to sort of like get all
these folks who kind of don't need
processing you actually want to reduce
the variance
welcome to Lenny's podcast where I
interview world-class product leaders
and growth experts to learn from their
hard-won experiences building and
scaling today's most successful
companies today my guest is AKA
demilliano Aika is head of product at
retool prior to that she was a long time
piano at the stripe she was actually one
of their very first PMS where she helped
build some of their foundational
products like stripe checkout stripe
connect stripe radar and stripe
chargeback protection I had a total
blast chatting with Tika we covered
Stripes internal culture and what makes
it so unique and Innovative how to
Foster and protect Innovation at your
own company what is the right amount of
process by stage of company how to build
a talent portfolio and so much more I am
really excited for you to hear this
episode and with that every bring you
AKA de Emiliano after a short word from
our wonderful sponsors
today's episode is brought to you by
Nero an online visual whiteboard that's
designed specifically for teams like
yours and mine I have a quick request
head on over to my board at miro.com
Lenny and let me know which guests you'd
love for me to have on in 2023 and while
you're on the mirror board feel free to
play around with the tool it's a great
shared space to work closely with your
colleagues to capture ideas get feedback
and iterate quickly and easily on
anything you're working on for example
in Miro you can build out your product
strategy by brainstorming with sticky
notes comments live reactions voting
tool even an estimation app to scope out
your team Sprints your whole distributed
team can come together around wireframe
and draw ideas with a pen tool or even
put mocks right into the mirror board
and with one of miro's ready-made
templates you can go from Discovery and
research to your product roadmap to
customer Journey flows final mocks you
get the picture head on over to miro.com
Lenny to leave your suggestions that's
miro.com Lenny
this episode is brought to you by notion
if you haven't heard of notion where
have you been I use notion to coordinate
this very podcast including my content
calendar my sponsors and prepping guests
for launch of each episode notion is an
all-in-one team collaboration tool that
combines note-taking document sharing
wikis project management and much more
into one space that's simple powerful
and beautifully designed and not only
does it allow you to be more efficient
in your work life but you can easily
transition to using it in your personal
life which is another feature that truly
sets notion apart the other day I
started a home project and immediately
opened up notion to help me organize it
all learn more and get started for free
at notion.com Lenny's pod take the first
step towards an organized happy team
today again at notion.com Lenny's pod
hey welcome to the podcast thanks so
much for having me Lenny it's absolutely
my pleasure a bunch of people have told
me that I need to have you on this
podcast and actually a big thank you to
sneer kodesh who I believe is a
colleague of yours who gave me a bunch
of interesting questions to ask you so I
hope you're ready awesome very ready uh
sneer is the best so yeah excited so
you're currently head of product at
retool but before that you spend a lot
of time at stripe you spend six years at
stripe and so before we get to retool I
actually want to spend a little time on
stripe
to set a little Foundation could you
just talk about some of the things you
worked on at stripe and maybe some of
the things you're most proud of during
that time yeah so when I draw stripe I
joined stripe in 2013 it's pretty small
the times around 50 people and stripe
didn't have any product managers at that
time and I think struck is kind of
famous for that and it really wasn't
because you know we were anti-pm in any
way it was mostly just because we're
building this product for developers we
had a lot of really talented Engineers
who were essentially doing the PM job so
I actually joined stripe as the first
account executive which I think is
pretty funny now that I've seen you know
real account Executives do their jobs
because I really just had no business
doing that job but it also really wasn't
your typical sales job and that most of
Stripes volume was inbound so I was
really just spending all of my day
talking to customers helping them figure
out how strike might work for their
particular business flows and payments
models and a lot of it was I think you
know what PMS do it's just like talking
to customers understanding their pain
point and really help them figure out
how the product might do that so and to
this day when people ask me hey like
what's your advice for going into
product management I'm like well you
should go get a sales job I think it's
like pretty pretty valuable
but it's kind of a long story uh to
explain that at the time there were uh
there's this one sort of business model
this did the two-sided Marketplace
business model that was really it was
just becoming huge and yeah like you can
even remember you sort of imagine that
now but like back then like Airbnb Lyft
Uber all those marketplaces it was quite
a new way of of doing business and so I
was talking to all these customers and
they had like pretty complicated
payments needs so you know if like one
pair
putting in funds and it's getting paid
out to a recipient so an Airbnb guest
and an Airbnb host or multiple payers
putting funds in and it's getting paid
out to one recipient like a GoFundMe
campaign or one payer putting in money
in it going out to multiple recipients
like you know with class tasks where you
get a subscription and then it gets paid
out to a bunch of a bunch of Studios so
and then on top of that all these
platforms and Marketplace has started
having all these pretty complex
Regulatory and compliance requirements
that were pretty different country to
Country so it's just this like really
complicated Financial infrastructure
problem and stripe actually didn't
really have the right solution for it
and no one else in the market did either
so at this time this stripe engineer
Brian Krause started pokering around in
this problem because I was talking to so
many of these customers we started
talking about this prom together and
poking around and that actually resulted
in us launching this sort of evolution
of this product that we had at the time
called stripe connect that was easily I
think you know one of my favorite
products I worked on on not only it
ended up actually being really quite
significant for Stripes business but
also because you know it was the first
product and I think that's always always
pretty special
and then the the second product that I I
think of very fondly during my time at
stripe is this product stripe radar so
you know stripe obviously processes a
lot of payments wherever there's money
fraudsters will kind of follow and there
were certainly some Merchants who were
just particularly vulnerable to payments
fraud so someone's using stolen credit
card information to since she purchased
the good and if you're not in payments
that this is gonna maybe sound kind of
shocking but if a merchant processes a
payment from a customer and that
customer used a stolen credit card
the merchant is ultimately on the hook
for those funds so it can be yeah it can
be detrimental like the merchant who's
trying to you know run a real business
is just losing all this money because
they're all these fraudsters who are you
know buying stuff from them online so I
really like working on that product so
that the product of stripe was
essentially uh we built a bunch of
machine learning models to try and
predict when a payment was fraudulent
and then we built a product on top of
that to help customers understand why we
were blocking payments and help them
sort of write their own rules around
that too that was really fun both from
like anthropological perspective because
we were kind of hanging out in corners
of the internet where you wouldn't
usually go if you were doing only legal
things so you're trying to understand
who these frosters were but it was also
really cool from a product perspective
because of all the I think kind of
complicated product questions around how
humans should interact with AI and
models and yeah I imagine a lot of the
folks in the sort of latest movement in
AI are thinking a lot about that too
it's like how do you explain a model to
humans how do you let them interact with
it so both those things were really
really neat
I actually use stripe for my newsletter
it's how you know folks subscribe and
when I log into my strike Dash stripe
dashboard and there's so many products I
don't even know what many of them do but
I've often seen radar been pitched to me
as a something I should pay for uh nice
yeah I feel like I should probably turn
it on that sounds really useful
um one thing that I want to dig in on so
you said when you join there were no PMS
at stripe and
how many PMS were there when you moved
into products at stripe that's a great
question I want to say maybe like three
or four wow incredible and I know you
said stripe is kind of known for being
really late 2PM and kind of like I don't
know if I want to say anti-pm but there
was like a lot of sense why do epms we
have amazing Engineers who can decide
what to build is there anything you can
share around just that General
philosophy of stripe and was it
effective was it good because a lot of
companies are anti-pm and I think they
always point to stripe and snap is
another example of like we don't need
PMS look how far these companies got
with ipms is there something unique to
stripe that allowed them not to fpms I
think it was like 200 employees probably
by the time they had their first pm I
think we actually had our first payment
I want to say it about 100 employees
okay um but but yeah I know it was it
was late in the game and actually maybe
just sort of to pattern match ritual
also didn't really have PMS for a while
and I I think actually both in the
stripe case and the retail case the the
thing that both of these companies have
in common is you're building for
developers the people who are building
the product are the customers in a lot
of ways so like they get it you know
there's there's really no no reason why
you should have sort of some in some
ways like a middleman trying to figure
out like hey who's the customer and what
is it that they need and whether they're
pain points and I think the the moment
at which it became clear like we really
do need PMs and stripe and I think we
felt the same way retail is your
customer base starts expanding you start
having different kinds of customers you
need to understand sort of the whole the
whole Market all of all of the icps that
you're going after and the organization
gets more complex I think stripe gosh in
particular it's just an extremely Matrix
organization in business because every
time you launch your product you're
having to think about well how do we do
this in other countries it's different
Financial infrastructure how do we think
about the legal side the compliance side
Etc and I think PMS could really kind of
bring that whole story together and make
the whole machine move and you know in
addition to sort of understanding the
customers and and the value prop and
like what the overall strategy was
it's a really good reminder of
engineers and designers can do the work
of a PM but often they don't want to
it's like there's a lot of non-fun parts
to it they're like I wish we could have
someone here to do these things npms
enjoy that work they're good at it and
So eventually engineers and designers
realize okay I see I see why maybe we
should hire PM I say this often actually
to folks who are thinking about going
into product management it's like that's
awesome just be really really sure about
what you're signing up for
it's kind of the same like eating a lot
of people want to become a manager but
just so you know like being a manager is
like hey you're like you're doing
performance reviews a lot and you're
like you're in one-on-ones a lot and
like you have to really love that kind
of work and I think the product
management case also like you're just
you're constantly working across a lot
of different teams you're trying to
influence a lot of people who don't
report into you directly to do a bunch
of stuff and if you love that that's
great but like you know you've got to be
sure you you know you're signing up for
it yeah that's a really good comparison
I when I first became a manager I was an
engineer actually and I was managing
engineers and then when I moved on to
something as an IC engineer again I was
like I will never manage again that was
no fun at all why but I want to do this
and I imagine people get into product
thinking they're gonna have all this
control Power influences and they're
like oh my God this job is so freaking
crazy what did I say it's so hard yeah
that reminds me something that I heard
you did at stripe is you wrote their
internal culture guide it was like a
quick start guide to culture at stripe
that I think was maybe shared with early
employees and if that's true I'm curious
what it is about Stripes culture if you
could just I don't know briefly share
just like what makes Stripes so special
clearly it's one of the most successful
companies in the world in history I know
there's been a you know slow down with
the market everyone's slowed down a bit
but it feels like stripe has been
incredibly successful continues to
innovate like crazy
it hires incredible people people that
are starting amazing companies so I
guess back to my question what is it
they think that makes Stripes culture
unique and special yeah the quick guide
to Stripes culture I think we wrote it
um maybe we were around 150 people or so
and we actually wrote it to share with
candidates because we yeah the idea was
like look we have like we're kind of
opinionated about how we do things here
most companies struggle to to describe
what their culture is like how does a
fish describe water but it's worthwhile
getting a sense of sort of the things
that that we feel opinionated about and
that you might like or you might not
like and actually when we when we put
out the guide our metric of success was
that more of the right people would
apply to stripe and fewer of the wrong
people and there was you know there was
a whole section in there I was like hey
look we work pretty hard here and that
is certainly not for everyone and and
you know hopefully you're excited to
come and work really hard with like
really with colleagues who really care
and that's kind of the reward but
um so that's maybe one example
on Stripes culture and and what what's
made it so successful I've I've really
been thinking a lot about were there you
know one or two pivotal points or
decisions for stripe that it really set
it on its its path to success
and I don't think there are actually
like every time like well if this hadn't
happened I can always sort of like
reason my way into like I think these
other things would have happened and you
know strike would have kind of ended up
in the same place so I think what stripe
was actually particularly good at and by
the way you should take all this with
the humongous green assault because I
haven't worked there and you know since
2019 but at least my experience when I
was there with stripe was really good at
was just making not just like one or two
big decisions good decisions was like
making a lot of really good decisions
all the time big or small and that I
think was quite cultural like there was
this just humongous respect and
enthusiasm for thinking like it was just
just like a it was such a part of the
culture that was you know one of the
values was think rigorously like every
meeting was very much like Hey how do we
how do we think about this thing from
first principles no one would ever say
for example it's a best practice to do X
like people be like well why like you
know you you have to kind of go a few
levels deeper so that was that was I
think one piece the other piece and a
lot has been written about this already
is stripe had a very strong writing
culture all communication was along from
writing business reviews strategy memos
product reviews there's just there's a
lot of writing that happened and I you
know I I very strongly believe this I
don't think you can be a good writer
unless you're a clear thinker
um and if you couldn't write well I
think it was actually pretty hard to be
successful at stripe at least in the
early days so I think stripe just
cultivated a lot of really good writers
and you know by sort of by sort of input
into that a lot of really good thinkers
and then I think the last bit stripe is
really good at was not overthinking
decisions because that's kind of the
flip side of of this sort of like really
rigorous approach is that you like lock
yourself into a room like can't come out
for five days and you have to like be
good at making a lot of decisions and
write decisions quickly and one of the
things that that we would always sort of
kick around a lot was this like idea of
is it a trapped or decision which I
think is a an Amazon concept it's like
the one if you make the decisions is it
like one door or is it is it two doors
um like can you come back from this
decision and I thought stripe was
actually really good at being rigorous
you know back to the rigorous point
about what actually was a chapter
decision so like I think a lot of people
for example think pricing is a trapped
or decision
but actually like it's really easy to
grandfather your existing users into
some existing pricing model and change
pricing for future users and if you
believe that the product is going to be
successful your early users are only
going to be a fraction of that pricing
model and yeah the product's not
successful then you know who cares if
you change the pricing model so I think
I think that's a really good example of
like people think that's a trapped or
decision but actually you can move much
more quickly on that decision than you
think and then decision that was
definitely felt to us like very much
like a chapter decision they think
stripe took a long time being really
rigorous about was titles anything
Stripes kind of famous for not really
having titles and
I think it was right to be rigorous
around that decision because you can't
like once you've given someone a title
you can't really take it away so you
know you better be damn sure about you
know the title you want to give someone
yeah the titles are hilarious I uh put
together a career ladder doc of all
company
leveling names across all the big
companies and that's like a lead product
manager product manager product manager
product yeah and there's like a lead
here and there like yeah like VPS are
basically product manager or product
leader something like that yeah
hilarious you talked about this idea
first principles people talk about that
often as we want to be first principle
thinkers we're going to think from first
principles how did stripe actually
operationalize that Implement that was
that just like founder top down continue
questioning people and that trickles
down was there anything else they did to
kind of instill that mentality I
definitely think it's founder top down
they were really good about hiring
people who thought that way too so it's
just all that stuff it just really
really trickles and actually to this day
when I'm preparing like a memo or like a
board deck or something I imagine in my
head I'm like what if I had to present
this to Patrick and and like my ideas
just get so much better because it's
just like sort of I know like you can
kind of think about sort of the
questions they would ask so I think that
was one you know I think the other one
was just to Surf this writing culture
piece like people would just like once
you start writing things down you
realize like hey that actually doesn't
make a lot of sense and then I think the
the third thing actually was there was
just always a lot of questioning about
like the status quo so if something had
been done in an industry for a long time
people would always be like well why was
it done that way and I mean I think this
kind of actually how stripe got its
start right like I think when Stripes
started if you want to set up a merchant
account it could take weeks and everyone
just assumed like that's that's what it
took and yeah of course John and Patrick
were like well it doesn't actually make
that much sense why it should take that
long so
you shared some of the values I don't
know if they're just called values core
values at stripe but is there other ones
you can share you said one is think
rigorous or don't ever think yeah I
think rigorously was one and
they might have actually sort of updated
these on the on the website recently so
my recollection is is very likely out of
date and the stripe would call them
operating principles actually which I
think is actually better because values
is almost like you can't really tell
people what to Value like everyone has
their own value set but you can tell
people like hey here's here's how we
operate another one that I loved was
move with urgency and focus
it was just really this idea that you're
kind of your your biggest compatriot and
your biggest I think enemy as a startup
is time so like you just you have to
move like really really really fast on
it and customers first was the other one
or users first as the Zeo stripe would
refer to customers as users so those are
some of my favorites when I think back
to what made Airbnb special in a similar
way the values we call them core values
I think we're actually really really
important and turn the company into what
it ended up being and it's actually
there around the time they created these
values I'm curious at stripe do you have
any recollection of just how they came
to these operating principles because I
imagine Founders are listening really
how do I how do I come up with these for
our company I'm pretty sure Patrick
wrote them
um yeah I think they came from Patrick
and John wrote them the other actually
the other value that I love I don't
think they have it anymore but so go to
the operating principles micro
pessimists macro optimists wow yeah it
was just like this idea that like look
long in the long term we expect the
curve to go up like we believe like you
know we very much believe in the upward
trajectory of just about everything but
like on the surf day-to-day decisions on
the magnesia we're like we're quite sort
of critical like we'll like how do we
make sure this thing works and like you
know we think about all the ways in
which it doesn't work so zooming out a
little bit we've been talking about
stripe we told also is a very first
principles Innovative company something
that I think of when I think of retool
is during the wild Market Days of long
ago last year I know retail is very
conservative in how they raised money
and the valuations they raised at which
looking back ended up being a really
good idea while everyone's raising it
like 100 billion dollars I think their
last round is a few billion and it's
like a very reasonable conservative way
to think about fundraising and so I
guess just thinking about innovation in
general why do you think some teams are
able to run like Innovation machines
continue to put out new products disrupt
Industries while other companies kind of
plot along stay conservative is there
anything you've seen something you bring
to teams you work on to help Foster
Innovation and big thinking yeah I
actually think about the the extremes of
that question so so not you know why are
some teams Innovative but like why isn't
every team Innovative like I think no
one wakes up in the morning and thinks
like yeah today I want to work on like
boring incremental stuff but most teams
do end up working on like pretty
incremental stuff I always wonder like
what is it that's stopping folks from
being creative and and thinking bigger
and I think it comes down to like a
couple of things that you know companies
do
sort of unwillingly or not even sort of
realizing it and one is this fear of
failure like I think leaders want the
upside of innovation but they're not
really willing to deal with the cost of
innovation which is like look if you're
gonna swing big you will invariably
stumble sometimes
so you know I think if you want to
mitigate that you have to start Shining
Light on failure that's that's really
the only way like you have to start
normalizing it a little bit and
obviously like if an individual or if a
team is like consistently failing and
not learning that you need to you know
you need to sort of deal with but I
think sometimes it's it's good to fail
so you know like and and when when you
do feel it like use it as an opportunity
like don't squander that moment to to
not learn but yeah I think like one one
example is you know instead of calling
something a postmortem called a
retrospective so that it's kind of a
positive thing like hey we're learning
from this thing
and then I think the other way to kind
of mitigate the feel of failure is like
you have to figure out how to give folks
more at bats because like obviously
anything that takes one year to ship and
you like haven't gotten any customer
feedback like the stakes of that are
just gonna feel so so high like any like
if you get it wrong it's it's gonna be
devastating so you have to figure out
how to lower the stakes and I honestly I
think that's in some ways it's kind of
easy it's like look don't put too many
resources against these kind of like
bigger swings like have them be small
teens and then also like just get
customer feedback as quickly as possible
like don't wait until the thing is
perfect and that way you can kind of
yeah like limit the limit the risk so
yeah I think that's fear of failure
that's that's definitely one thing that
stops teens from being innovative
there's kind of a like a I think a very
practical one like sometimes teens are
just getting bogged down by like really
urgent work like there's just too much
Tech debt there's too much product debt
bugs instability it's like massive
hierarchy of needs like there's just no
way that they're going to be able to
focus on the like you know the
enlightened like bigger creative stuff
if they're just like heads down dealing
with incidents all day so if that's the
case like yeah like yeah
diagnose it and and get your team out of
that and then I think the the last
reason why teams aren't always that
Innovative is because I think thinking
big is really hard
and to some people it comes pretty
naturally but for most of us sort of you
know mortal Souls it's it's just really
really hard and it's it takes time and
when you're at a startup and you're just
grinding day in day out you're just like
you're just trying you're treading water
you're just like trying to make it
through the day like
taking the time to really think about
you know the strategy and like where
things should go and and get creative
it's pretty hard so I call this you know
you have to give teams permission to
think
so create these moments in your company
culture in your overall business
processes where you're asking people
you're literally saying like hey this is
part of your job to to think bigger so a
ritual we have these team Charters and
we do Team Planning and at the bottom of
every team charter we have a section
called think bigger with you know 20
more time what would you do that isn't
on this list already
and then another thing really neat
tradition that we had at Stride we have
a retail now too is this uh idea or this
this thing called crazy ideas so at the
beginning of every year David will send
out a a blank
like a blank dock to the org and it's
titled crazy ideas and the prompt is
crazy ideas are ideas that we shouldn't
obviously do there's a 90 chance that
they make no sense but in the 10 chance
that they do they will make you know 10
to 100 x difference for the regional
business and then it's just it's
literally just a call a request for
crazy ideas and the org loves it it's
it's amazing the energy around it is so
cool and it's it's not just product
ideas it's different ways of of how we
should run our organization or like so
it's like really cool marketing ideas in
there so it's just that Doc is awesome
and whenever I have like a down day I
just like scroll through that dock I
know that you launched three different
products this year which I want to talk
about which maybe came out of this big
thinking but a couple more questions
just to dig into some of the stuff you
just shared one is this big Dock Of
Awesome ideas what's come out of that
because you know I think of like
hackathons and people have all this
energy and it's exciting and then I get
all these cool things and then they
don't go anywhere do things come out of
this there's Elite actual ideas that
people yeah yeah yeah every so every
year that we send out the dock we look
at the past year the doc from the past
year and we're like okay like did what
did we do anything on this list and like
consistently we do anywhere between
three to things on the list wow yeah is
there an example a product that launched
that came from that list that comes to
mind actually probably at least one if
not two of the sort of three products
that we launched this last year were on
the crazy ideas list at one point like a
year ago if you'd ask me what is
Rachel's product I you know I would have
told you ritual helps you build internal
front ends really really fast
but you know if you were trying to like
schedule a query to run at a later point
in time or have something Trigger or you
know uh run an ETL task like you
couldn't do that in retool so that was
actually one of the crazy ideas and and
that ended up becoming ritual workflows
which you know we launched just last
year November okay we're definitely
going to chat a bit about that I want to
go back to the two other suggestions you
had one is Embrace failure make it okay
to fail and then two don't let people
get sucked into urgent stuff and have
time to focus on important stuff
is there an example of just like how to
help people Embrace failure you talked
about retrospectives is there anything
else just like that you found works
either as a tactic as a process as a
framework just to like help people get
out of it because you know I hear that a
lot like Embrace failure and then people
like oh but I failed and you suck so
yeah is there anything else along those
lines you found effective to create that
feeling to me it's always in the
follow-ups so like you know have people
talk about the failure in like these
sort of public forums where usually you
talk about the successes so like have
someone actually like write a note
that's like hey here are all my
learnings from this thing that we did
and send it to the org at every tool we
have a shipped at email list like if you
ship something you know you'll listen to
that have them send that email to the
org and it's it's just kind of an
awesome way to celebrate or have them
present at all hands and share what they
learned and it almost always sort of
results in I think a really positive
twist at Airbnb there was I think for a
period there's an award for the biggest
failure like project really that's so
cool you like a trophy or something yeah
it was like a short-lived yeah yeah yeah
and then on the second bullet point of
urgency creating giving people a chance
to think longer term is there anything
there that you found to be actually
effective to create that culture and
give PMs and product teams a chance to
think longer term and not just be stuck
in the fires that they're dealing with
there's a couple of top-down things that
I think a couple of Bottoms Up things on
the top down I think sometimes you just
have to be willing to fund some someone
with something like they come to you
with an idea and you're like look yeah
like take an engineer and and go do it
and you just have to kind of give folks
that that sort of organizational buy-in
like actually I was thinking back to
that that engineer Brian Krause at
stripe who started you know kind of
poking around on these on this
marketplaces model and
I was thinking like I can't remember a
moment when someone formally said to him
this is now your job like I think he
just kind of went and looked and and
went and and dug into and then at some
point I think a manager was like all
right this is now your job but yeah I
know I I think you have to be able to
sort of like fund fun folks's time and
and give them that hackathons I think
are like pretty good for that stuff it
is kind of a moment for folks to to take
a step back and then you know I think
more than anything in people's planning
processes like I really like asking
folks you know like this or the 20 more
time question or the other question is
like look like if you doubled the team
today what would you do that shows up in
our planning processes as well and I
think it really helps people kind of
break out of this like I think you kind
of end up planning towards the surf the
team that you have not the team that you
should have so I like how folks can
break out of that process
awesome I really like to think bigger
bucket in your planning docs just like
what would you do if you had more
resources just maybe a quick question
there is there like a bunch of detail
that you asked them to put into that or
is it just like a bullet point of Big
Ideas
just yeah folks can just go go crazy on
it it's however they want to take it
like yeah I've seen folks actually sort
of like create entire demos but I
actually think the trick is like less
structure in those cases because you
don't really want to pigeonhole or or
make it even that intimidating for folks
like if someone just wants to write down
a few bullets that's great
this episode is brought to you by EPO
EPO is a Next Generation a b testing
platform built by Airbnb alums for
modern growth teams companies like
netlify contentful and Cameo rely on
Apple to power their experiments
wherever you work running experiments is
increasingly essential but there are no
commercial tools that integrate with a
modern grow team stack this leads to
wasted time building internal tools or
trying to run your experiments through a
clunky marketing tool when I was at
Airbnb one of the things that I loved
about our experimentation platform was
being able to easily slice results by
device by country and by user stage EPO
does all that and more delivering
results quickly avoiding annoying
prolonged analytic cycles and helping
you easily get to the root cause of any
issue you discover Apple lets you go
beyond basic click-through metrics and
instead use your North Star metrics like
activation retention subscriptions and
payments nfo supports tests on the front
end the back end email marketing and
even machine learning clients check out
eppo at getepo.com get eppo.com and 10x
your experiment velocity
okay so you launched three new products
this year usually companies are lucky to
launder one product a year a few
questions one just like tell us what
those three were in case people are
interested and want to check them out
two is was that a good idea is it good
to launch three new products in a year
and then three what did you do
organizationally to allow for this to
happen because that feels really
ambitious and rare and I'm curious what
you learned from that so the three
products we launched were women's retail
workflows that you know I I talked to
you a little bit about it's like if you
want to be able to sort of essentially
create a workflow like schedule an alert
run a task you can kind of do it in the
retail way where it's this visual sort
of easier builder of creating these you
know different sort of workflows but you
can write your own code on top of it as
well
second product is Rachel mobile so you
could pretty easily build you know
credit web apps with retool but there
are plenty of folks who don't sit behind
their laptop at a desk all day and you
know for those folks who had a lot of
companies who were like I want to be
able to like a mobile native app and so
we launched that product and then the
third product was a virtual database
um so yeah until very recently like if
you came into retool you could connect
your data you know via your apis your
database directly into retool but what
we found is that actually a lot of folks
like either don't have access to their
database or they're actually just like
they're trying to build an internal tool
and they don't necessarily want to store
that data and their sort of production
database so we built essentially like we
spin up a postgres database for you and
you can just access it via really nice
UI and and manage it directly in retool
amazing okay back to the other two
questions
yes okay so I think your second question
was was this a good idea right
yeah uh
you know what I think in hindsight if I
if I were to do it again
I think maybe sequencing it would have
maybe been slightly better
um
just because I think what we end up
doing is we kind of ended up launching
or launching the idea behind all three
of these products at around the same
time and they all ended up maturing at
around the same time and that was just a
lot of headspace from the org even
though actually the teams themselves
were not that big like it was just like
you know we had all these products we
were just waiting for them to launch and
waiting for them to launch whereas like
maybe if we sequenced it I think that
would have felt probably also just more
satisfying to the whole organization but
I mean it ended up working out that's I
think that's kind of the crazy thing
it's like you know we we kind of were
able to pull off launching these you
know these three products and by the way
I should caveat that you know the sort
of the the further I get along my career
the more I realize I'm just kind of
building on the shoulders of giants and
a lot of these ideas Etc were very much
in the works and and were happening
before I came along but um yeah it was
really neat to see how he we got that
all over the Finish Line in here
and then the last question there is just
what do you think you did to allow for
this because it's pretty rare you can
build so much and I know the team's not
huge right like how many people work at
retool roughly today we run 300 people
yeah so how do you structure an orc to
build three and launch I didn't realize
they launched around the same time it's
like I'm picturing uh Elon Musk
launching three rockets at once how do
you uh how do you allow for that to
happen yeah I'm sure a product marketing
team felt that way
um
yeah a couple of things we we started
really small with all these initiatives
so yeah I think I mentioned we really
had one or two people working on on each
of these products for like the first six
months
um so it was like one engineer and one
designer or one engineer in one pm and
they really didn't get funding until it
was clear that there was something there
so they just those teams just they spent
a ton of time with customers it's been a
ton of time building a ton of time
prototyping and it was kind of the
moment where I was like okay like
there's a there that that we started
sort of bringing more people onto the
team so it's the first piece the second
piece is that we really treated them
like startups where like rituals the VC
and like ritual funds with like
resources and Rachel's existing customer
base which is obviously quite valuable
because you kind of have all these
customers you can can Market to and
promote to but then the teams really had
to prove out Roi either in engagement or
eventually Revenue
in order to be able to move forward and
then the third thing and this one
actually I think
it can be quite controversial is we were
really deliberate about keeping these
teams separate from the rest of the org
especially early on and now a lot of
them are they're very much kind of a
part of the overall organizational
processes very early on they were kind
of they're running on their own they
were you know meeting quite
independently it was like one or two or
three folks from a leadership team and
they were also just quite separate from
the product itself
like I think retail mobile is actually a
really good example where we had a lot
of debate about whether or not we should
build retail mobile out of the core web
app builder because a lot of The
Primitives are the same
and we eventually decided that we were
going to run it as a separate team
because we wanted the team to be able to
move really really quickly and we didn't
want it to get bogged down in what are
just the realities of running a product
that has product Market fit like you
know bugs yada yada Etc and
I think that was absolutely the right
call because retail mobile actually has
quite a different
Target customer which we only really
realize maybe like halfway through the
project and I don't think we would have
been able to sort of really understand
that or even like sort of like Get
broader in that kind of thinking had we
sort of been been stuck in the the core
retail product but yeah there's a cost
to that too which is like okay now we
have these two products and we have to I
think obviously the strength will be how
do all these products interact with each
other and how do they build on top of
each other so we have to go and invest
in that now but I I think it's totally
worth it because your team can just move
more quickly be more independent and
think more independently too
in the time that you've worked at stripe
and retool I know we chatted before we
started recording you think a lot about
what is the right level process for
companies at different stages and I'd
love to just hear your thoughts because
I know I know that's a challenge a lot
of companies face how much do we put in
now do we get inspiration for big
companies do we try to stay lean
something here maybe actually run into
I'll just mention briefly that there was
a huge resistance to process for a long
time and so the product team was just
kind of a little crazy for a bit and
then we're like okay we need product
development process we need deadlines
and just specs and and that helped a lot
so yeah so let me ask again just how do
you think about the right level process
for stage of company and what have you
learned there what I would really love
from companies is sort of like this time
capsule where you can see what their
processes were when they were like 20
people and 50 people and 100 people and
500 people because when we were at
stripe we were trying to figure out our
planning process we actually talked to
like Amazon and atlassian and apple and
like all these companies that we really
really respect and look up to and I
remember you know taking down notes from
these companies and being like yeah like
this is awesome but there's no way that
this will work for strive like stripe
was so much smaller than any of these
companies so yeah they were showing us
where we had to go but no idea how to
get there and so like yeah Lenny maybe
you can you can help us figure out time
capsules for companies what processes
make sense I'm working on that roughly
Company by company by how they think
process and a bad process and then maybe
I'll check in every every couple years
cool I love that um but yeah to answer
your question directly uh
process yeah it's it really gives people
a bitter taste in their mouth I think
and
process by definition is variance
reducing
like you're introducing it because you
worry that the variance in your org is
too high like you want people to sort of
meet a certain standard
and the cost of that is obviously is
like while you're reducing the standard
and bringing Folks up to the average
you're also bringing other folks down to
the average and oftentimes the folks
you're bringing down are your highest
performers your most creative thinkers
and the folks who like you know I think
actually don't really need process to do
their best work
and so
that I think is always the tension that
you have with process and obviously like
one of the reasons why companies
introduce process much more and more as
companies get bigger is because it's
just it's harder to sort of like get all
these folks who kind of don't need
processing you actually want to reduce
the variance
this is actually a little bit of an
aside but it's kind of relevant so I'm
just gonna mention it you can feel free
to let me know if it's too much of an
aside let's get into it
I I was I was just listening to this
awesome podcast with um with Russ
Roberts who's at Professor he hosts econ
talk I don't know if you listen to it
and he was in interviewing this guy Ian
Leslie who's just this great writer and
who's just getting written this article
that's basically something along the
lines of like what it means to be human
in the age of AI and I thought he just
articulated this idea so well which is
like we're all really like so impressed
when we see like jack chat gpt3 like
spit out this this sort of piece of
writing that feels very human-like but
what we're kind of forgetting is that
over the last you know 10 20 30 years
we're actually like asking humans to be
a lot more robot-like and that like
we're really asking everyone to like
standardize in a lot of ways and like
we're making people a lot more formulaic
like if you think about how we ask
people to or how we teach people to
write it's like well there's five
paragraphs and there's your opening
paragraph and like there's you know you
state your topic and so anyway I think
like the point is like we actually I
think you know the more formulaic the
more sort of like mass produced you're
trying to make something the more you
kind of
quench people's creativity and I I think
sort of the further away you get from
like the really really high highs and
that to me is kind of the cost or
process and and rules and templates so
like if you're going to introduce it
be really really sure that you're okay
with that cost and give folks Escape
hatches
so I've started referring to this as
like the the MVP the minimum viable
process so if I give folks a template
I'm like look use the template but if
you want to break out of it please
absolutely do and like start writing
this at the top of templates now it's
like if this doesn't work for what
you're trying to explain like don't use
it but like just know that this is the
minimum viable thing like this is kind
of like we're setting the bar here but
like go higher if you can please so
anyway that's that's my sort of like
long day trip on process with all that
said I do think that companies yeah
there's just a set of documents that are
like really really valuable that every
sort of like I guess level of the
organization should have
throughout its life cycle
and then you know I think a house or
involved it is or how like long term it
is really depends on you know how big
you are but you know those those
documents to me are the charter so uh
what is your mission your vision and
your strategy
the goals what are you aiming to do and
how are you going to measure success and
then the road map what is the thing that
you're shipping
and I think the whole company needs
these the whole function so like a
product like you need all three of these
and then within each team you need all
three of these
and I've kind of like noticed two things
about this surf this framework for
myself like one I've actually noticed
that teams often work their way from
like the bottom up versus top down like
they start with a road map they're like
what are all the things we're gonna ship
especially early on and then like they
kind of work their way into a charter
but I think it's really really worth it
to like start from the top down
and then the second thing that I've
noticed is that like your time Horizon
really shifts as you get more mature so
like you know if you're very early on
you don't have pmf like you should have
a charter but your Charter should be
like three months in the future because
you can't look that much further and you
know if you're you're kind of a company
that's humming and going your Charter is
probably you know
the horizons like maybe a decade so
wow there's there's so much there uh I
could go into so many different
directions one thing I wanted to follow
up on a little bit is this idea such a
great point that process
brings the best people down and kind of
address averages them out to kind of
create consistency and
I'm curious if there's anything else
you've seen succeed in allowing the best
in most Innovative brains to just do
their thing you know I know part of it
is probably hiring amazing people but
yeah is there anything else that's like
Escape Hatcher or just like oh yeah this
person just go go figure this out yeah
to me the unlock for organizations is
managers for this because like you need
managers to both detect the high
performers and be like this person
doesn't need the process and that you
need managers to give that person air
cover to be like well honestly because
what you're doing is you're giving them
some special treatment and you need to
be kind of okay with that and you also
need to be okay with the organizational
costs for that like Claire who used to
be the the CEO of stripe would obviously
like are you willing to break the org
for this person and I always thought
that was like a really nice Framing and
you kind of need to decide who you want
to do it for too but yeah like some
people are just that good that like yeah
of course will break the org for them
they like you know they're gonna break
the org in the best way possible so I
love that term uh I think Claire's
coming on this podcast you just wrote a
book right is that the same person
all right we just booked her coming well
maybe we'll spend some time that's
awesome
do you have any other product building
philosophies that you found especially
useful in your time at striped retool
anywhere else
I have like a couple of I guess mental
models I use the the first is
um build for your best user not your
worst user
and what I mean by that is I think it's
actually really easy to kind of get
stuck
or to sort of focus on like what if
there's abuse of this product or think
about all the ways in which the product
won't be used well and then you kind of
end up sort of shaping the product in
these like really weird funky ways to
make up for that whereas like in reality
the worst users are always like they
should be a fraction of your users
anyway so like you shouldn't really
really be building for them I think a
really good example of this is like
onboarding processes where you know
you're you're probably going to be
building an onboarding process where
you're trying to like maybe sort of
collect a lot of data or try like figure
out like Hey how do I help this user who
like maybe isn't sort of well suited for
my product be successful like really
should just be building an onboarding
process for the user who's like gonna
jump into your product and get it
immediately because I was thinking about
this actually just the other day because
we're in this product review and we're
talking about this other new product
that we're thinking of exploring more
products we're going never yeah exactly
and we're kind of going down this path
of like oh well you know if this gets
really big like there's going to be all
this abuse of the product and um Anthony
or founder was like wouldn't that be an
amazing problem to have we're like yeah
that's a really good point so
we kind of you know put that on the back
burner
that's an interesting approach because
usually you're trying to optimize the
flow get more people through it which
are the least good users you're saying
you found more success just like focus
is this more initially focus on the
users that will understand this and be
excited about it and make that work
really well and then kind of over time
build on that yeah totally yeah sure if
you really get the end you're like
trying to optimize Etc absolutely but in
that sort of early product development
stage it's like that's just not worth it
to to be too focused on that sweet
that's that's one
um the the other the or head of design
Ryan I think always kind of reminds us
of is is
um build the scooter not the axle so you
know if you're trying to build the
minimum viable product for a car like
don't sort of build just you know the
wheels and the axle like build a scooter
first and then from there you build the
bicycle and the motorcycle and then the
car and it's always just such a good
reminder like you always kind of want to
start building the whole thing like
really try and think about like the
slice that gets the customer to like
complete value on a smaller thing first
so with virtual mobile for example like
there's just so much you could be
building there and we decided very
specifically like Hey we're only going
to build this for companies that have
field workers and like you know they
would need to do inventory management
and it's like it's a very specific slice
but it helps kind of get through from
you know something that was actually
like viable beginning to end got it so
it's it's an approach for MVPs basically
make something simple and functional not
just something barely like not actually
working but getting you to some dream
product eventually yeah and then the
last one is
um
this idea of 70 2010 split Investments
like I I really think that a lot of
product management can sometimes be
reduced to funnels and portfolios so the
the 70 2010 Investments model in my head
is just like 70 of your building time
should really be going to your core
product that has product Market fit 20
of your time should be going to
strategic initiatives that aren't core
but like they're strategic to the
company that you know you have to do
them and then 10 of your time should be
going towards bets that's actually
exactly the same heuristic I've always
used one question there is how do you
think about maintenance and bugs within
that yeah to me that falls like squarely
in the 70
um so yeah like core product Tech debt
sort of the the stuff that you kind of
the maintenance mode type stuff and core
projects obviously you're also doing a
bunch of new stuff there too but yeah
like no more than 70 of your resources
should be going there what did you say
the 20 was
strategic initiatives that you know
aren't your core but you just know based
on your strategy like you have to do
these things got it so the way I break
it up is 20 I think is where I put bugs
and maintenance and then 10 was like big
old big ambitious bets so similar ratios
but different things go into the buckets
come on but let me ask you a similar
question how do you just add retool and
maybe even at stripe think about finding
time to do maintenance and bugs do you
build it into road maps do you set off
time to just fix all the bugs I know
it's probably an evolution and goes back
and forth but yeah this I think is it's
it's really one of the trickiest parts
of product management in my mind we
don't have a company-wide sort of
process on this it's pretty team
specific some teams do like Friday bug
bashes other teams are just kind of you
know as products roll out will kind of
work on them as they go I was actually
speaking to a product manager at a
different company who mentioned that
they just spent the last 18 months doing
basically just product polish in bugs
and yeah I think they landed in a place
where they just they had to do it
because they just had so much
debt but you know luckily we're not
there yet but right now we let most of
the teams just kind of do it do it
themselves and figure out what makes
sense for them okay awesome
I wanted to go back to something that
I've heard about retool that you all are
really good at which is PM's being
really close to customers and I'm
curious what you've done there or what
the team has done that it's been really
effective well I do think every good
product Team figures out how to get
close to customers but just based off of
my observations from Rachel and what
I've seen at other companies there are a
couple things that are more pronounced
at retold than I've seen in a lot of
other places the first is we have a lot
of PMS who used to be in customer facing
roles at retools so yeah I I obviously
am a big fan of that I think it's
there's just nothing like really
understanding the value of your product
at the moment where a customer actually
has to put money down and so I really
like that about you know PMS who have
had those conversations with customers
have been really really get it second is
because the virtual product is so
Technical and I do think this just
depends on what product you have like
our PMS are really very technical like
everyone has you know either a CS degree
or has done some sort of Engineering in
the past third is we use slack very
heavily to to talk to our customers and
interact with them so we get this
binding of hundreds of slack Channels
with customers every time you know we're
testing a new product or you know we're
we're kind of a new customer who's
somewhat large comes online like we will
work with them in slack to to get there
off the cut feedback just back and forth
it's really nice and just have this
direct line to them which is awesome
and then the fourth thing we do is we
use retool to build retool so
um our product roadmap lives in a ritual
app and the app that we use to you know
to have feature flags for particular
features is a retail app so PMS are just
in the product all day long every day
they're their own customers in a lot of
ways and that that really helps as well
wow I didn't know that that is very cool
so you built like a task management
product by using retool oh yeah well we
build many basically all of our internal
tooling happens in Rachel like our PMS
all their team dashboards are in retool
all of their you know all their yeah so
their task tracking is in retools
submitting uh linear requests or bug
requests happens in retool and then goes
to linear so it's just uh yeah it's how
we run the company you haven't been able
to replace linear yet that's cool a big
fan of linear okay two more questions
and then I'll let you go one is around
product like growth which I don't want
to get too into we talk about it a bunch
on this podcast but it's interesting
that stripe was very product-like growth
it was just self-serve
PM's Engineers however just started
using it it grew and became Enterprise Z
down the road retool on the other hand I
think people think it's product like
growth I imagine it's actually sales LED
mostly and so I'm just curious what
you've learned about the difference
between Building Product and leading
product teams within a sales.org versus
a product line work
I have a couple of insights on that one
one actually I think interesting Insight
is that uh teams that have one always
want the other like whenever whenever I
talk to to candidates I feel like you
can always tell what you know their
company has because they'll be asking a
lot of questions about the opposite like
they're probably like broke up and
they'll be like well how are you guys
thinking about Enterprise and then if
they are like more of a sales LED Growth
Company they're like well how are you
guys thinking about you know your
self-serve motion or your product-led
growth my main takeaway just you know in
in sort of and and I I don't know if I'd
even sort of use the dichotomy of
product like growth or cells and growth
with ritual like I think we do have a
lot of product growth but we have we
work with a lot of Enterprise customers
and a lot more Revenue comes from
Enterprise customers and we have like a
fantastic sales team
and I I think the the main thing is that
you just have to really figure out your
like interaction mechanisms with with
sales and that that just has to be so so
tight and it goes in both directions
there's obviously like how do you get
feedback from them because they are so
often on the front lines talking to
customers more so than product managers
even but it also goes the other way like
if you are going to ship something or if
you are going to you know put out a road
map like how do you make sure that the
sales team has everything that they need
the sales and you know and Rachel's case
the success team and the support team
has everything they need to accurately
talk to customers about that and I've
always actually found that really hard
because it's really hard to figure out
the right altitude if you're giving a
presentation on the road map people are
either going to feel like it's it's too
high level or it's you know too low
level for folks who maybe are new so
this year we're actually trying
something different we are doing a
science fair where each product team has
a little booth and they get to sort of
stand there and anyone who has questions
about the product can come you know from
the go to market so I can come and ask
questions and get demos and go like as
deep as they need to so I'll let you
know how that goes but I'm excited to to
to experiment with it okay are there
going to be foam core boards and will
there be ribbons
there'll there may be prizes who knows
oh my gosh
oh my God to see a picture of this
final topic you have this concept that
you call the product Talent portfolio
what does that mean and how have you
found that useful in your product
leadership life yeah yeah it's back to
the like all aquatic management is
portfolios and funnels I think it's
really tempting as a manager to build a
team in your image because you
understand their skill sets and you
value those skill sets and you're going
to be able to detect and assess those
skill sets better but
the best product teams in my mind have
really figured out how to balance the
you know the talent portfolio so instead
of sort of having a bunch of PMS who all
spike in one particular area figure out
how you can you know have a great
complementary skill sets for the whole
PM team so the whole is much stronger
and one way in which I like to do that
is I really like to balance product
teams with homegrown product managers
who really get the product they've you
know probably been in it they're amazing
cultural carriers often they really set
the tone but they may not have seen
product management at other companies
and they may not have some of the sort
of more conventional traditional product
management skill sets so I want to
balance that with product managers
who've come from other companies and
have done it and can bring a little bit
more of that product manager rigor even
though they don't have that sort of you
know the core and you know the retail
cases of the core ritual product
management you know Vibe so that's one
example I think there's like others as
well well like some PM's incredible
execution machines other PMS are like
amazing Visionaries like you kind of
want a little bit of all of them and you
want to also balance within all of your
different pillars so you know we have
three different product pillars at
retool and there's kind of needs for all
those pillars and I always push the
leads to sort of hire people who don't
look like them so that you know we have
balance everywhere I love that do you
actively as you're hiring like hey well
you're strong in these areas here's the
person we need here we want like the
specific super strategy mind person is
that actually how you think about this
yeah yeah I I do a little personal
exercise for myself every six months
where I like sit like sort of chart out
the team that we have today and like
write down all the strengths that we
have all the weaknesses that we have as
a team and then I try to sort of hire
specifically for those weaknesses
amazing
any last pieces of wisdom or thoughts
before we get to our very exciting
lightning round
okay we got through everything I was
hoping to get through so with that we've
reached our very exciting lightning
round I've got six questions for you are
you ready I'm ready
what are two or three books that you
recommend most to other people
Bird by bird instructions on writing and
Life by Anne lamott it's incredible so
touching really great also I think
product managers should be great writers
so love that and then the other book
that I was going to say but I'm glad you
mentioned Claire is Claire's book
scaling people which is coming out I had
a very small hand in ghost writing for
her a little bit in the first draft so I
use a lot of the early chapters from
that book still in management and I
still recommend you know recommend sort
of the tactics in there so I'm excited
for her to to get it out wow I've been
hearing about ghost writing as a career
recently and it feels like it could be
the option for you down the road and I'm
excited to read the book I haven't
gotten a copy yet and I think you can
pre-order it now and we'll link to it in
the show notes nice
what's a favorite other podcast do you
like to listen to other than maybe the
one you're on right now yeah this one's
great
I can't choose between these two one is
um Lex Friedman and then the other is um
econ talk by Russ Roberts I I really
like that both of them are like their
agenda is like curiosity which I love
totally resonate there what is a
favorite recent movie or TV show that
you've enjoyed is it too basic to say
White Lotus cool that's like the most
mentioned one which is says a lot right
that just says how good that is because
I I love it too but that works that
works uh season one or season two oh
season two all the way yeah same I'm
excited for season three
no spoilers favorite interview question
that you like to ask candidates to what
do you attribute your success and you
can't say luck
interesting because most people look for
do they believe it's Luck versus like
their inmate skill so you don't even
allow them to say luck interesting yeah
because you know I think humble people
will always say luck in some way and you
know I always kind of wanted it like did
you like how self-aware are you
basically and I think and how curious
are you and I think people really sort
of gone back and reflected on
why why are they where they are today
really really says a lot about how they
think about the world I love that what
are some SAS tools that you love or use
often at your current company or
anywhere else yeah well first and
foremost the retool
um and then the other satchels that we
use a lot slack gong linear and full
story awesome
favorite new product that you found
maybe in life maybe at work
uh have you heard of rewind
yes I have it running right now
yeah I I mean I think it's really
incredible what they've done maybe
describe it briefly just so folks know
what that is it basically records
everything that you're doing on your
computer and then makes it really easy
for you to search it
um
which is it's just incredible like I
like I don't I I don't know if if you
work this way Lenny but like I feel like
nowadays I don't really go to like tabs
anymore or like I like I kind of
directly like search for the thing that
I'm searching for and I think rewind
just like fits that user Behavior so so
well amazing Aika this was so much fun
we got through everything I was hoping
for and more two final questions where
can folks finding online if they want to
reach out learn more see what you're up
to and how can listeners be useful to
you definitely find me online on Twitter
it's a good DM and how can they help us
try out the retail product and uh and
give us some feedback amazing ritual.com
right yes awesome thank you again for
being here thanks Lenny
thank you so much for listening if you
found this valuable you can subscribe to
the show on Apple podcast Spotify or
your favorite podcast app also please
consider giving us a rating or leaving a
review as that really helps other
listeners find the podcast you can find
all past episodes or learn more about
the show at lennyspodcast.com
see you in the next episode
[Music]